ScanServer is a simple script for use with a network attached document scanner
to upload scanned documents to Google Drive.

This was developed for use with a Brother MFC-7860DW scanner configured to
transfer scans via ftp to a specific network directory, however it should work
with any configuration where scanned files are dropped into a directory
accessible to this script.

All options are configured in a JSON formatted configuration file whose path is
specified with the flag --config-file.

Initial Use
-----------
First, create an empty config file (0 bytes) and run scanserver with
--config-file=<empty config file>. scanserver will set up the initial json
skeleton for you.

Next you will need to create a Google OAuth Client Id and Secret via the Google
Cloud Console. There are some instructions on how to set this up at:
https://developers.google.com/drive/enable-sdk

One you have these strings, enter them into your config file and run scanserver
again. This time, scanserver will start a browser to get an authentication token
for a particular Google User's account access. This token  will be written back
to the config file. Thus, keeping the config file secure is important. Access
will be limited to Google Drive and can be revoked at any time from the user's
account page.

Next, ScanServer will exit after printing a list of all of the Google Drive
folders found in the authenticated account, including their name and Drive Id.
You must select a folder to upload your scanned documents to. Selection is by
Id and the Id must also be added to your config-file.

Lastly, you must also specify in your config-file the local path which
ScanServer will scan in which to identify files to upload to Google Drive.

After ClientId, ClientSecret, OAuth token, Local Scan Dir, and Google Drive
Remote Folder have all been specified, the next run of ScanServer will upload
all files found in the Local Scan Dir and will continue to re-scan for new files
every 5 seconds. To upload all files again, simply remove the 
LastProccessedScanTime field from your config-file. ScanServer will not delete
files locally, so it's access to the local scan dir can be read only. The only
local modifications made will be to the config-file.

Future Plans
------------
- Automatic merging of pairs of PDF files which correspond to a single
  double-sided document scanned on a non-duplex ADF scanner.
- Additional error handling, such as retry on Upload failure.
